So one of the things that will be essential for you to know is what you
need to pull from this module if you're getting ready to take the AWS
Certified Machine Learning Specialty exam.
So I want to highlight a few things that you need to review from this module.
So first of all,
you need to be able to identify specific use cases that
fit each service that we discussed.
I would recommend reviewing each of these services.
Ideally,
I would also recommend going in and implementing a basic
solution with each of these services so you understand how
they work at a detailed level.
Now part of the reason for this is you will need to go a
step beyond just knowing about these.
You'll also need to know how to apply this knowledge to fit
multiple services together into an architecture.
So if you want to look potentially at tying together some of the AI
services that we talked about previously or some of the data ingestion
and transformation services in with SageMaker,
you need to understand how to take a high‑level need and how to
apply these services to fit that need and create a custom
architecture that meets those criteria.
And next,
you'll need to know how to troubleshoot when failures occur
when you're implementing that architecture.
So if you remember,
we talked about different limitations that exist for specific services like
Kinesis Data Firehose and the data transform feature.
And so, there are limitations that exist there with the
lambda execution time and the payload size.
Make sure you familiarize yourself with what some of these limits are per
service so that you can help to troubleshoot if issues occur because these
are the types of questions you're likely to get when you're taking your AWS Certified Machine Learning Specialty exam.